#Weather station#
============

Final project on secondary school, meteorological/weather station with web access.

## Divided into two main parts:
* Sensors with MCU outside, collecting various values. Newly extended by temperature sensor board (3 ICs). 
* Software running on RaspberryPi, grabs values from sensor "module",
    stores them in mysql database and publishes them on web.

## Material here :

* In **multi_sens** directory are complete sources for sensor module with libraries
  can be build with avr-gcc (tested on (arch)linux with 4.8.0).

* In **root** is python script. Periodicaly executed by cron (every 1O mins and 1min). After execution sends request to sensor
  module (serial communication). Returned structured string is decoded into mesured values. Then script stores values
  into mysql database for further usage and requests some last values. From returned values is generated javascript file
  containing array fileled with values. (used by web page)
  Data from minute updates are used for webpage header only. The are not stored for further usage.

* In **web_app** is web application's root, so index.html and value file(s) generated by script described above are here.
  Design itself is not cool or awesome but works as it should.

* In **electonics** are schematics, PSB designs, their exports for printing, etc.

* In **designs** are models of housing for sensor module now, openscad source and stls of individual parts.
  STLs may be out of date. Use openscad to get up to date design of housing.

* In **photo** are photos of station and it's parts. It really exists!

## STATUS
* working, needs webpage design improvement
* look at: http://m72.dkm.cz or http://meteo-chodov.tk
* ~~Temperature measurements from BMP085 are quite accurate.~~ Sometimes happen, that sensor returs 0°C instead of real value. I was unable to fix it up.
* Extension board with 3 temperature sensors ADT7410 16bit i2c ICs is working. BMP085 reports higher temperature, 1.5°C (approx) above new sensor's value. 
* my 3D printer is not functional now, but I prepared top housing part for new light sensor. This sensor is in queue.
